https://codepen.io/Remish/pen/YzVjRbW?editors=1100


    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? The correct way to write HTML.
    2. What is HTML used for? To structer a web page and its content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attributes define addiotinal characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height. They should be in the start tag or opening tag and should always be enclosed in quotation marks.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? For titles. You should only use it once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. href and src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? to define the portion of the document which contains information related to the document.
    7. What is an id? specifies a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? to point to a specific style declaration in a style sheet
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? to point to a class name in a style sheet
    11. What elements can I add a class to? div, section, anything you want to have a class
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? In case the image doesn't load it will give you a description in words
    15. How do I reference an id?  you use a hashtag #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Section means the content is grouped together as where div doesn't convey anything
    17. What is CSS used for? Css is used to style your webpage
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page you use a period.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. Ids are unique and classes are not. In CSS you would want to use a class on a section or div to style everything inside instead of having to go line by line.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? using a period. like .top
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? hashtag followed by the id
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. When you want to style a certain part.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state. for example :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div{ border: 1px doted black};
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* *\
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm or -r
    34. Why should I use version control? it tracks all my changes and helps prevent concurrent work from conflicting.
    35. How often should I commit to github? every 20 minutes or when you get something working correctly
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? push -u origin "name of branch"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork repo, clone repo, cd into folder, code. to open in VSCode, git checkout -b name to change the branch, git add . , git commit -m 'message', git push -u origin 'branch name', create a pull request and turn in pull request link  to canvas